+++
categories = ["english"]
date = "2018-02-13T16:27:17+09:00"
tags = ["Slow Start","スロウスタート"]
title = "[English] 【Serial】 TV anime Slow Start Hundred Daisuke Tamaki · Interview with Mr. Ito Aya! 120% brightness and cherish tenderness"
share_img = "/img/icon/animatetimes_com_id1517027781.png"
+++
Translate : [https://www.animatetimes.com/news/details.php?id=1517027781](https://www.animatetimes.com/news/details.php?id=1517027781)


 【Serial】 TV anime Slow Start Hundred Daisuke Tamaki · Interview with Mr. Ito Aya! 120% brightness and cherish tenderness From January 2018 TV animation Slow Start broadcasting at TOKYO MX and others, (Original: Atsumi Masako / Manga Time Kirara series serial). In the Animate Times, in conjunction with the official website, a long version of a series project animate Times Presents Slow Start Relay Interview targeting the main cast members and staff members is posted. It is Mr. Aya Ito who serves as a hundred places in the fourth round! Starting with the impression of the character I play, I answered questions unique to him.  Tweet share ■■■ Series Back Issues □ [Serial 1] Ikuase flower name role · Rena Kondo □ [Serial 2] Yuko Takura, Mr. Tomomi Ling Inside □ 【Series 3】 Mr. Tadashi Sengoku · Mari Naganawa Make 120% brightness!  - (Hundred sites) How was your first impression?  One hundred places occasionally, Mr. Itoh (Ito): I thought it was a very big child. Emotions and sorrows are bigger and there are many things that can be many different characters, like a tokens, cleopatra, seven change (lol).  Nevertheless, she is always full of energy and I think that surroundings will get better if these children are nearby. It is a gang attitude based on kindness or compassion that emotions burn out with a feeling of excitement. I thought that such a place is very attractive and I am looking forward to playing.  Tweet share - Have you felt that you did not feel like you?  Ito: Like Tama-chan, I can not do it in front of all the classes, but I think that the place to play something in front of friends who are funny may be similar. I also love things (lol), and such a state of mouth is near.  - On the contrary, what part do you feel that you can not do for myself while you are looking at it?  Ito: For example, even in situations where no one can handle it when deciding class class members, I think Tama will surely be a child to give away. Such a thing, I think that it is really amazing where places where people are likely to take the initiative will also take the initiative. Also, where there is action. Many things Tama-chan has decided for a promise by four people. It is a mood maker and I think he is a very wonderful friend.  Tweet share Tweet share - What kind of things do you take care of when you say such things?  Ito: First of all it is to do it well. I have often played the role of a quiet child until now, so I practiced to get 120% brightness. At the same time, I do not want to be a child of just being energetic, I think that it would be nice to be told that Tama's gentle feelings are on the back of the brightness, as I said earlier.  Tweet share - What is the specific scene that you can feel the tenderness of?  Ito: If it was the third episode of last week, when I first went to Hana's chan's house, Hana got cried. Even then, Tama-chan switches the story in a natural way and in a bright direction, right?  Especially for Hana Hana, I thought that there was something like an older sister. Since I have a scene full of Tamachan 's kindness in the episode after this, I think that such a face may be easy to perceive.  - Is there an episode that was impressive at the time of dubbing?  Ito: Director Mr. Akira always makes a lecture by becoming Tama-chan by Taking this kind of feeling by Tama's take instruction. That is very interesting and everyone laughing a lot.  Tweet share Tweet share - That story was also told by Mr. Naganawa (Maria). What was it like to be swayed something?  Ito: Yes, there is ... ... In interview with Mr. Naganawa, I think that there was a story about I am sorry, gorilla, but there is more gorillas at that place (laugh). Tama-chan talks about gorillas and imitates, but Mr. Acoustic Director san said, You are a gorilla, you are a gorilla, that shock was told (laugh).  - Are there other recommended scenes in the future?  Ito: Personally I love the episodes of Professor Enami and Ms. Ekiko. I am a big fan of those two relationships, but Tama is definitely coming out for two scenes why, The housekeeper saw it! Like (laugh). So, I'm watching while suddenly interacting with the two people, I think that the position is close to Tama (laugh).  Tweet share Tweet share In case A scene with MV is an ad lib of a voice actor!  - On January 24, OP song ne! Ne! Ne! Singing with 4 main casts was released. It seems that MV was also produced.  Ito: MV recording has been very impressive. Everyone casts Slow Start with a unique air feeling, I think that it seems that four characters of Slow Start seems to be intact. It is warm hearted, but it looks like he's also playing a cacchia. The shooting was a very long time, but it was also a pleasure camp and it was fun.  - Are there any points I would like you to pay attention to with MV?  Ito: There are plenty! First of all, since I love idols, I'd like you to pay attention to the scenes I'm dancing and I'd love to imitate and dance. The rest is a pajamas-like scene that is wearing a room, the director is just doing well and energetic, all the movements are all our ad-libs, so who's where and what I am doing Well, I'm happy if you can see it well.  - By the way, Slow Start is a work that depicts the lives of high school students, what kind of high school days did Mr. Ito spent?  Ito: While I was in high school, I was in the chorus section, but that was a serious sports organization-like club activity. Takarazuka was also a big fan at the same time as he was doing his best in the club activities and the days when he was free went through all the time. It was Kyoto, but I often go to Hyogo. Especially at the performance of a favorite person, it is already every weekend. I did not have a part-time job, so my pocket money was gone and it was serious (lol).  Tweet share - What other memories in school life?  Ito: What was that ... ... I was pretty fast. Because it was a girls' school, there was air that seemed to like it without concern for the boys, and we were with friends every day for about nine people, but everyone was toasting fast (lol).  Tweet share Tweet share - There are many groups of 9 people.  Ito: It was noisy ~ (laugh). I was doing things that seemed to be very high school girls, such as something of a comedian. Also, since I was personally interested in arranging hair, I often played with my friend's hair or making it a maniac hair style. That's exactly how complicated your hair is with her daughter role in Takarazuka. I longed for it, I was like a hair arranger in my friend and I was practicing well.  I would like to make ice with liquid nitrogen! And the question to Mr. Atsumi ... ...  - It is the corner of the annual relay question that was followed by the question, but from the last Naganawa (Maria) san, the question What experiment do you want to do?  Ito: It does not have anything to do with it Slow Start (laugh). I wonder what .... Ah, I want to do that, I make ice cream with liquid nitrogen. Ice is made in a moment by consolidating raw materials. I've been to a shop selling it before, but it seems to be very interesting and I would like to try it too.  Tweet share - Next will be the authors Atsumi Miko Atsumi Sonoko, but what question would you like to ask?  Ito: There are lots of them ... Well, I like the relationship between Professor Enami and Ms. Ekiko, What is Enoki Teacher doing on holiday? Also I would like to know Hobby Enoki Enoki Hobby.  - In the end please give a message to the readers.  Ito: The feeling of the air is relaxed, and there is not a flashy thing about Burn, but when you watch 'Slow Start' you will notice the small happiness of daily life. I think that such a place is a wonderful work.  Also, watching those four people, I think I want to be with such a wonderful friend, and when I look at the relationship between Professor Enami and Ms. Ekiko, I feel like I'm seeing girls' comics. I think that it is a work that can make various ways of enjoying like that, so I'm happy if you can see it by various people.
