+++
categories = ["english"]
date = "2018-02-13T16:27:17+09:00"
tags = ["Slow Start","スロウスタート"]
title = "[English] 【Series】 TV anime Slow Start Interview with Hashimoto Hiroyuki Director! Publish the story behind the production site!"
share_img = "/img/icon/animatetimes_com_id1518164769.png"
+++
Translate : [https://www.animatetimes.com/news/details.php?id=1518164769](https://www.animatetimes.com/news/details.php?id=1518164769)


 【Series】 TV anime Slow Start Interview with Hashimoto Hiroyuki Director! Publish the story behind the production site!  From January 2018 TV animation Slow Start broadcasting at TOKYO MX and others, (Original: Atsumi Masako / Manga Time Kirara series serial). In the Animate Times, in conjunction with the official website, a long version of a series project animate Times Presents Slow Start Relay Interview targeting the main cast members and staff members is posted. Hiroyuki Hashimoto is the director who will appear in the sixth time. From the launch of the project to the episode of the school days, I got a wide range of stories.  Tweet share ■■■ Series Back Issues □ [Serial 1] Ikuase flower name role · Rena Kondo □ [Serial 2] Yuko Takura, Mr. Tomomi Ling Inside □ 【Series 3】 Mr. Tadashi Sengoku · Mari Naganawa □ [4] Hundred Daisen Tainted role · Aya Ito □ [Series 5] Author, Professor Yuko Atsumi The quality created by the love of the staff - Please tell me about how the project started.  Director Hashimoto Hiroyuki (Hashimoto): It is a trigger that a producer of Aniplex asked me to animate the original favorite Mr. Hashimoto liked. So first, I started sending a lot of manga and light novels and started reading it. Among them, Slow Start was very interesting.  - Where did you feel charm?  Hashimoto: As the paintings are pretty cute, I was attracted to the place with a little dark part at the same time. The setting that the hero was a junior high school ronin is not an ordinary daily system work, is not it? Although the basic is a bright world view, the surprising aspect of the character is gradually visible. I was fascinated by the sense that such various elements mixed up, and the plan started to animate this original.  Tweet share - Although it is a series of works serialized in Manga Time Kirara, what kind of consultation was made with Mr. Atsumi of the original author?  Hashimoto: Although it is still in the serial series, since animation needs to be summarized in one hour, it asked about the future flow of the original. I also got the profile of the character, but each person had very detailed settings. It is too small so I wonder if it can be reflected in the work (lol).  - Is there anything different about the creation of work by having detailed settings?  Hashimoto: For example, a character that does not like dogs usually does not talk about dogs, right? So the more you know the information, the better you can accumulate depictions of details, the conversation will become more and more natural. For us to visualize, the more information given, the easier it will be.  - How did the main staff decide upon animation?  Hashimoto: From the series, the series composition asked Mr. Inoue (Mio) who has been with us before. Character design Anno (Masato) is an introduction from the production producer of A-1 Pictures.  Mr. Anno came up with a rough design at the stage of not having decided whether to participate yet as soon as a consultation. I thought that it was a great motivation, and moreover, it was a picture that kept the original point, neatly finished as it was to make a decided manuscript.  Tweet share - In animation, the movement of the character is drawn very very attractive, but is it that Mr. Anno's enthusiasm is also greatly involved?  Hashimoto: That's really big. Announcer, including Mr. Anno, is touched by the work affectionately. All drawing staff have a clear vision of I want to move this character like this. I want to reflect that enthusiasm on the screen as much as possible. Although Avan of the 1 st story is also working on the original picture, Mr. Yasuno moved it enormously attractively.  Tweet share Tweet share Tweet share - What kind of concept did the director Hashimoto himself face with animation?  Hashimoto: I was conscious of making it possible to see all the stories as much as possible. After all, no matter how hard the drawing works, it will not be rewarded if you can not see it. So I think the director is responsible for creating works that I would like to continue to watch with the first episode, the second episode, the third episode.  - What kind of things is important to keep viewing continued?  Hashimoto: First of all, I kept my mind to not give as much negative image of Junior High School Ronin as possible. In the first episode I also draw a scene that you know that the flower name was a junior high school ronin with a slightly more gentle touch than the original.  There is a voice and music in the big difference between animation and manga. As they enter, the damage to the receiver will also be larger than the manga. So that the flower name is a junior high school student was conveyed by narration at the time of C part where she became a bright expression, so as to ease the shock.  Tweet share Tweet share - I feel that warmth is also in front of the background art.  Hashimoto: In order not to give heavy feeling also, I aimed for cute coloring. Since the school incorporates pastel colors and the walls are pink, the image looks like a kindergarten instead of high school. If I draw a figure standing with a flower name on a brown corridor, it looks somewhere sad. I tried to eliminate such a negative factor.  Is Eiki child oriented for animation director?  - What kind of policy did you decide for casting?  Hashimoto: Four of the main casts decided to be young. For me, Kirara work thinks how deep the main cast's bond is important. Not only in animation but also in sync in realism is cherished, even if it is a young voice actor everyone is easy to match in the event. Some of the fans are looking forward to the casting intersection. I hope something that can not be gained by animation alone will be experienced through casts.  Tweet share Tweet share - How was the after-recording site?  Hashimoto: I thought that you want the character to break a little bit from the cast side. If a play that seems to be surprised comes out as This child has such a voice, a new aspect of the character is born.  By becoming animated from manga, breath is blown into the character by the voice actor. And Mr. Atsumi was influenced by their voices, and the possibilities of the character spread further. If I circulate in a good meaning like that, I am thinking that the work Slow Start will be more enjoyable.  Tweet share - Is there too much ad lib?  Hashimoto: Yes, I think I want to enter if there is a chance, and Cast also has a place that is aiming for ad lib. (Laugh). Ultimately, after dubbing is a sound director (Akutagawa) If Mr. Hitoshi laughs a lot (laugh), if ad lib is interesting and properly matches the world view, it is often adopted as it is. Just like drawing, I value your enthusiasm.  - The series will be in the second half of the game soon. Where's the sights of the future?  Hashimoto: In the second half I will fly more and more. I'm worried that the brakes are broken (lol). Especially, Eiko Seki and episodes of Enami are essential. Because something that Mr. Atsumi can not hide is overflowing (laugh).  Tweet share Tweet share There are also swimming suit. It was an expansion that seems to be Slow Start that the original does not go to the sea or the pool just by buying a swimwear, but decided to go for a swim in animation. I wanted to complement each other not being drawn with manga, or to give a person who knew the work by animation to get a feeling of being connected to each other, I guess the original is like this.  - Next, it is an annual question in this series, what kind of high school life did Mr. Hashimoto live?  Hashimoto: It was a boys' school, and it was nothing special every day (laugh). Just since then I thought that I would like to be an animator. Just when I was a high school student, Kiki's Delivery Service was released, it was interesting and I saw it six times in three days. I bought a byte from there immediately and bought an LD player, and I looked back and forth many times after LD was released.  - Where did you attract Witch's Delivery Service?  Hashimoto: I am from Kyoto, but I wanted to get out to Tokyo earlier from that time. It seems that the story of his own feeling and the story of Kiki going out to the city alone and training is synchronized. I think that there is a part similar to Slow Start, Witch's house. Both are brightly totally, but there are also a few paintings of the painful spots of reality. Because I changed the test, I feel in common where the strength of the heroine is born.  Tweet share - Next is the relay question corner. From last time Mr. Atsumi asked, If the director were a girl, who would you think is the closest among the four? (Laugh).  Hashimoto: Eiko, you're right. I am a de Morono (lol). Ekiko also seems to be inviting a little for classmates, but it seems like S, but suddenly it looks like M in front of Enami. So when I draw Eikiko, I feel like I'm understanding as if I'm doing it happily.  In the first place, the job of an animation director has a place like de M which is troubled by myself while annoying others. I think that I can turn the schedule well if Eikiko becomes the director (laugh).  Tweet share Tweet share --(Lol). Then ask questions to Mr. Inoue of the next series composition.  Hashimoto: If you were a man, whose boyfriend would you like to be? (Laugh). Not from the main 4 people, but from seven people including Enami, ...... Whatever you put in all the classmates (laugh). Mr. Inoue who knew the character as a series composition, it should be able to answer ... ... and I tried to demonstrate S ___ 0.  - Please give a message to the reader at the end.  HASHIMOTO: Although Slow Start is a work with many sights, I'd like to have fans first enjoy themselves. From my fans, I was pleased that It was good that I became such animation. If I do not do that, animation will not get excited, and I'd like others to be proud of so Slow Start was funny from the front! (Laugh). It is my goal to make it work that you can say so.
