+++
categories = ["english"]
date = "2018-02-13T16:27:17+09:00"
tags = ["Slow Start","スロウスタート"]
title = "[English] 【Serial】 TV anime Slow Start Ichinose Hana Nami / Rena Kondo interview! Flower name's gentle heart is attractive"
share_img = "/img/icon/animatetimes_com_id1515151972.png"
+++
Translate : [https://www.animatetimes.com/news/details.php?id=1515151972](https://www.animatetimes.com/news/details.php?id=1515151972)


 【Serial】 TV anime Slow Start Ichinose Hana Nami / Rena Kondo interview! Flower name's gentle heart is attractive During serialization at Manga Time Kirara (Yoshifusa), Professor Yuiko Atsumi's popular four-frame manga Slow Start. The same animation will be made into TV animation, broadcasting will start at TOKYO MX and others from January 6, 2018 (Sat). In conjunction with the official website at the animate times, we posted a long version of the series animate Times Presents Slow Start Relay Interview that targets everyone in the main cast and the staff! It is the main character of this work, Mr. Inonose Flower name role, Mr. Rena Kondo who appears in the first memorable occasion! We have answered questions unique to flower name, including the impression of the character who plays.  Tweet share In case Favorite of Hana Kana when I looked up at the cherry tree is my favorite - Can you talk about flower name where Mr. Kondo is played from the first impression first?  Kazuyuki Ichinose (Kondo), Mr. Rena Kondo (Kondo): Hana always has bubbles all the time, she is worried about being a crybaby, and thinking too much about various things, I'm really worried about seeing it Although it is a child like that, I thought that it was a very funny child, as he was pretty in the way he was wearing his mind.  Tweet share - What did you feel about the most attractive flower name?  Kondo: It's a rebound idea, but I thought that feelings and thoughts for others are more than one-sided. When I sympathize with something, I sometime cry, I think that a gentle heart that can understand the feeling as if crying is attractive.  - Is there a place you feel like looking at flower names and being similar to yourself?  Kondo: There are many! First of all, when I talk to a person who I met for the first time, I was trying to say things I do not understand (lol).  Also, I do not have the courage to call out even though I want to take pictures with people who co-starred ... .... Hana has a similar scene, but I thought I'm the same as me! (Laugh).  Tweet share - Even on this occasion, have you been rushing like a flower name?  Kondo: There were a lot of them when I was not familiar with it yet. Even if I was spoken to, I was excited and there were quite awkward conversations like Sobo, that's right! (Laugh).  However, as time goes by and the time of four people together with the Nico Nico live broadcasting program, the special location's location or ne! Ne! Ne! Music video shoots, I can gradually put myself out It has become like becoming lol lolly while having fun all day with lately (lol).  - On the contrary, is there anything that you think you can not do with your flower name?  Kondo: I thought that the scene teaching studying to people is amazing. I am not very good at studying and I am very poor at explaining to people. Before it became a different story I was told differently, What are you talking about? Or you said that you do not understand even if you use a metaphor ... .... Japanese is difficult (lol) . So I can think that Hanami is amazing in double that I can study and explain to people.  - What are the important things to play such a flower name?  Kondo: Since Hana gets to know various worlds really after meeting Tama's and Eiki-chan, crown-chan, it's like being surprised and impressed when you see something like that for the first time I am careful to link it with the feelings of Hana Hana while imagining what it will be like if I encounter it for the first time.  When I am surprised, I often say Eh! Or Awesome, but sometimes it is Wow! Amazing!, When it sounds like Wow ... amazing ... in a loud voice There are also, I also try to play such a kind of variation that I can distinguish.  Tweet share Tweet share Tweet share - Is there anything left in the impression with the acting guidance received at the after-record scene?  Kondo: I have an episode to do a sports test, but since Hana is unable to exercise, there are many scenes that have been hesitated all the time, but the director says You can give out more vigorous voice I, at that time, replying with hurry, yes, while replying, I think I should try acting I played more than ever. I tried various challenging to put out a rough feeling of breath, and to put out a sense of het heft more extensively.  Tweet share - Also in the first episode that the broadcast refrained from, I would like you to pay attention, can you tell me the recommended points?  Kondo: Hana, who is the first episode, just met everyone, just the first high school life has just begun, I'm doing a whole thing, but on the contrary it will not be seen any more so it may be valuable I do not think so (laugh). Besides that, sometimes it's cute to show off a smile that is fun with everyone.  What I also thought was really good is the look of Hanabusa when I looked up at the cherry blossoms when I was walking along the cherry blossoms. It's my favorite feeling that The story of Hana's name starts from here!  The first episode is like tea leaves in green tea - On January 24th this month, the OP song ne! Ne! Ne! Will be released. Music videos are also included in the video benefits, but what are the points you care about here?  Kondo: Anyway, the songs that these four people are saying It's fun to be with you is a song that you can really imagine, at first it was singing with Hana-chan's consciousness, but Please sing like yourself and sing I imagined the figure that everyone enjoyed and sang happily.  MV was also difficult for me to do dance of rust, but I was struggling hard, but I worked very hard in the dance lesson, so I'm happy to see it. Recording was also very long, but everyone was really energetic up to the end and the distance between each other was further reduced, it was a really fun scene.  - It will be a little more private question, but what kind of high school did you mind Kondo himself?  Kondo: I was not good at sports testing (laugh).  Tweet share - In that respect too, it looks like a flower name (laugh).  Kondo: I am happy that I do not have classes, but I can not do much exercise ... .... So, I did my best because I could do a little distance only, but after that ... (laugh). Rather, the choir competition was the most burning for each such event.  I like the choral competition very much. It seems like people of society who are working are visible (laugh). After all I think that there are many children who usually feel like singing troubles if it is a high school student, but if those choruses chorus contest is going to be chorus competition, doing something seriously and singing, adult who is different from usual Was the expression looked and it was transmitted? Because my class won the prize, I was very happy.  - In this consecutive interview, we will make a relay question for the next person, but what would you like to ask Mr. Rima (Tomomi) of Yuko Takakura who will appear next?  Kondo: I wonder, what is it all right? Well then, Eiko Asiko likes fashion, so what do you like about what kind of fashion do you like?  Tweet share - In the end, please give me a message to those who watch the broadcast of the first episode from now.  Kondo: I think the first story of Slow Start is like tea leaves in green tea.  - Is it tea leaves ... ....?  Kondo: Yes, there is dietary fiber in the tea leaves, but is not the texture of the fiber finely delicate? So when tea is put in, each tea leaf will do various movements. Slow Start is such a swinging pattern of each of the delicate girls is seen, and it also goes inside the same cup. That is the first episode. So first of all I would like to see the first episode and be swallowed by the unique atmosphere of Slow Start.
