+++
categories = ["english"]
date = "2018-02-13T16:27:17+09:00"
tags = ["Slow Start","スロウスタート"]
title = "[English] 【Series】 TV anime Slow Start Yuko Takakura role interview with Mr. Tominari Ling Inside! What is the attention scene of the early story for Eiko"
share_img = "/img/icon/animatetimes_com_id1515724499.png"
+++
Translate : [https://www.animatetimes.com/news/details.php?id=1515724499](https://www.animatetimes.com/news/details.php?id=1515724499)


 【Series】 TV anime Slow Start Yuko Takakura role interview with Mr. Tominari Ling Inside! What is the attention scene of the early story for Eiko From January 2018 TV animation Slow Start broadcasting at TOKYO MX and others, (Original: Atsumi Masako / Manga Time Kirara series serial). In the Animate Times, in conjunction with the official website, a long version of a series project animate Times Presents Slow Start Relay Interview targeting the main cast members and staff members is posted. It is Mr. Tomoko Ryouchi, Ms. Yuko Takura, Mr. Tominori Ling Inside who will appear in the second time! We have answered questions unique to Eiko, including the impression of the character we play.  Tweet share ■■■ Series Back Issues □ [Serial 1] Ikuase flower name role · Rena Kondo In case Eiko is the most ordinary girl in a sense - How was the first impression of Mr. Ekiko (Tokura) being played?  Yuko Takakura, Mr. Tominori Inouchi (hereinafter referred to as Morie): I thought that looks good, I thought it was a light girl with footwork. Indeed, not only the group of flower names but also the children of other groups are good friends, talking about (oh) that things like that (lol). But now I think that it is an interesting child who finds many new aspects as you see it. As the four people get along with each other, there are expressions and dialogue saying This is only for good friends.  Tweet share - What kind of place do you think is such charm of Noriko?  MIYAKI: I think that it is wonderful to have a very girl appearance. From the girls perspective, I think that it is Eiko as many points that I can empathize most. Behavior is not ordinary in many cases (lol), even when talking with others, I often look at the relationship between my friends and give priority to what people want to do rather than what I want to do, as well as family It is surprisingly normal and in some sense it is the most ordinary girl. Even from the viewpoint of men, I think that it is a child who is easy to understand as having a familiar feeling of becoming such a child!  Tweet share Tweet share - Do you feel that you resemble yourself?  Ryoke: In fact, Eikiko actually does not talk much when he's four people. Temporarily speaking the most, about squeezing the mouth occasionally against it. I also like to see things about people, I often see that I'm thinking about this person like this rather than talking, I think that such a standing position is very close to me I will.  - On the contrary, where do you feel you can not imitate yourself?  Morie: You can not imitate the height of that communication skill (laugh). Among the works, there is a scene to talk to unknown people and listen to contacts, but I think that such place is not a normal child, it is a superhuman (laugh).  Tweet share - Is such a high school student's departed aspect aware even though it can be played?  Inside: In other words, on the contrary, trying to be careful about not to become an adult too much. Even if it is said that it is a mature girl, I think that it is only a high school student to the last, just an adult compared with a classmate. When I am having fun, I smile like a high school student and I think that there is a certainty that I feel that I am a child after all in front of a citizen ???? or an adult.  --I see. Have you done anything else to create a role?  Ryoke: Ei Niko has a sister, but since myself is a younger sister, I do not know much of her sister's feelings. So, I remembered what girls around me, what kind of ideas and acts are done by my sister? Recently, I feel that Onee-chan was serious again (laugh).  Tweet share Tweet share - Please tell me if there are episodes, etc. that were impressive on the dubbing field.  Inside: After drinking is over, when you lend a ballpoint pen to Mr. Kondo, it is returned in a very natural way saying Eikiko chan! (Laugh). The person himself was surprised, Ah ... .... Sorry ~, I thought Wow! ~ At that time (laugh).  Conversation with Dr. Enoki Enoki is also an important scene for Eiko - Although the first episode was finally broadcasted the other day, is there a recommended scene at the beginning?  Lingyu: In the second episode, there is a scene where a conversation with Professor Enoki Enoki is drawn for the first time, but I was glad if you could keep it in mind as I played it with great care. In that scene I just do not have any other love conversations about ice, but because important scenes are also packed for Eiko, so it's time for a future story to feel the delicate distance and relationship between the two I would like you to pay attention to what the future will change.  Tweet share - Also on January 24, the OP song ne! Ne! Ne! Sung by four people will be on sale. Can you explain briefly what kind of song it is?  Lingyu: I'm not too energetic, not too grown up, there are places that I feel a bit tricky, but there are energetic places like high school students, I think that it is a song that includes both aspects. I myself consciously thought of how I felt it was Sakaeiko, not to be too harsh, singing calmly.  - MVs sung by four people were also made.  Inside: MV was difficult to dance (laugh). But in the scene where four people gather and dance, there is the feeling of air of the four people who always have a close relationship with Slow Start, I felt it was really nice even if I danced. After that the set is fairly elaborate, especially since the projection mapping of the background is really amazing, I am surprised to see it, I think I can get it!  - Then it will be a little private question, but what kind of high school days did you live by Mr. Lingouchi?  Inside: In the afternoon I was doing a popular app while eating rice with a good boy. So, when I watch the scenes that eat lunch for four people at Slow Start, I think that I was like this every day, I miss it.  Also did the sports test. I do not have physical strength, but I liked the movement and I was good at the ball game, so I became understand ~! To serifs such as Mr. Ekiko's Distance is great but control is good (Laugh).  - In this interview series we have established a relay question section. Last time, Mr. Kondo (Rena) who is the name of a flower has come up with a question saying What fashion do you like about fashionable Noriko who is?  Inside: Fashion? I like the dress very much. I like the shape as I can pat on the top and bottom. My jeans have not got a single suit, the skirt calms down.  Tweet share Tweet share - In addition, it is pin although speaking of Ekiko ... ....  Inside: Ah, since I started Slow Start, I have more hairpins than Nico. Until then I did not have almost attached it, but recently even myself, I came to search for something cute hairpin. Even Mr. Atsumi of the original, I got a hairpin that seems to be very proud of her birthday gift, I thought a teacher truly ~, so I would like to add it even at the release event.  - Then, do you have any questions you would like to ask Mr. Naganawa (Maria) who will appear next?  Ridai: That's right ... Well then, since Mr. Naganawa said that he would like to have a cat if she can keep it, What kind of animals do you keep if you can keep a pet, and how do you name it? Oh, the crown has two cats, nagomi and cosmetic, so two animals!  Tweet share - Please give a message to the audience at the end.  Lingyu: Four people have just met yet, but as the talk progresses, the distance feeling of everyone gets closer and the response also changes, so I'm happy if everyone talks about such a change in relationship. Since I think that I can not say that my true feelings are not good friends, I hope that you can accumulate among all of us that you are such a child that is actually such a child  , I think that you can see more and more fun.
