+++
categories = ["english"]
date = "2018-02-13T16:27:17+09:00"
tags = ["Slow Start","スロウスタート"]
title = "[English] 【Series】 Interview with Professor Yuiko Atsumi, original author of TV anime Slow Start! Show off the creative secrets of flower names!"
share_img = "/img/icon/animatetimes_com_id1517542507.png"
+++
Translate : [https://www.animatetimes.com/news/details.php?id=1517542507](https://www.animatetimes.com/news/details.php?id=1517542507)


 【Series】 Interview with Professor Yuiko Atsumi, original author of TV anime Slow Start! Show off the creative secrets of flower names!  From January 2018 TV animation Slow Start broadcasting at TOKYO MX and others, (Original: Atsumi Masako / Manga Time Kirara series serial). In the Animate Times, in conjunction with the official website, a long version of a series project animate Times Presents Slow Start Relay Interview targeting the main cast members and staff members is posted. It is the original author / Atsumi Hideko who will appear in the fifth time! I came close to the secret of creation, how I created an attractive character.  Tweet share ■■■ Series Back Issues □ [Serial 1] Ikuase flower name role · Rena Kondo □ [Serial 2] Yuko Takura, Mr. Tomomi Ling Inside □ 【Series 3】 Mr. Tadashi Sengoku · Mari Naganawa □ [4] Hundred Daisen Tainted role · Aya Ito I can hear the name of flower name when drawing manga - How about watching anime currently on air?  Author, Professor Yuko Atsumi (hereinafter referred to as Teruki): The figure that everyone is moving is still cute. When I was calling the flower name, I was particularly cute to move the fingers of my legs with Mojimoji.  I was surprised that the main four people, as well as the classmates, were carefully drawn, and the details included were amazing. It was my heart that Shiki-chan had the most impact but (laugh), I was planning to paint my breasts a lot, but with anime I'm moving beyond expectations.  Tweet share Tweet share - What is the cast of?  Tsuneki: You already have each role, are not you? I myself drew manga and I was surprised to hear the dialogue with the voice of Cast. When listening to the audition's tape for the first time, I thought, Which voice is also like flower name ...... I thought, but when I listened to after a long time, only Kondo (Reina) voice could not hear flower name . I realized that Mr. Kondo is becoming a flower name among me.  - Next I will ask about the original. I think that the setting is unique, but from what point did you think of it?  Atsumi: Kirara editor says, I'd like you to make the theme and settings exactly, I first thought about starting a story from the state where the main girl had a secret. However, I did not come up with a specific idea, I thought about the story that flower names that migrated to an apartment gathered various things, and the fact that the flower name was an alien actually However, as expected it is going to get stuck. In such circumstances, I was unexpectedly caught up with a setting called Junior High School Ronin.  Tweet share Tweet share - Flower name is also characterized by extremely introverted character.  Tsunemi: Initially it was a child who was more comfortable with the condition and was going to put out poison. But if Editor liked the pretty place of the flower name and thought that If it is still pretty, is it?, I escalated more and more and became weak until then (laugh). For that reason, the element called a trendy person who was at the beginning was supposed to be carried on the shoulder instead of the flower name.  - Momoyo is also an inward character who can communicate with flower name.  Atsuki: Yes. Actually, there are places like flower name and million years who seem to be alone in one person, it is a character born by one setting division. It is a remnant that there is a common point like a ronin. Many years really like the little useless character right now. When she gets bored and becomes a true person, I will go to the university as it is and will not be involved in the story, so I'm worried about what to do in the future.  Tweet share Tweet share - How are you doing?  Atsumi: She is a child like my character. It is a character with attachment, it is very easy to move even in the story. I thought that the series is encouraging as long as there are children familiar as I am, and made it appear. Flower name had a delicious feeling because I did not know anything about school, but I do not want to be like that (laugh).  Tweet share - Eiko is an adult-like charm, and it is a combination with a small but cunning crown.  Atsuni: I thought Ms. Ekiko would go out with a crown and put out my hobby as it was. I wanted a hot chicker.  - Just Ekiko, there are parts that are attracted to Professor Enoki Enoshima.  Tsunemi: Initially it was not supposed to be such an expansion at all. Characters naturally move naturally, and Professor Enami also did not intend to engage in the story if originally. In Slow Start we have a unit of figures in the surname of the main children, and if it is a flower name it is Ichinose, if it is Ekiko Tokura. Therefore, it is because the teacher did not have it as a supporting role ... ... but when you noticed, Eikiko approached (laugh).  Tweet share Tweet share - How is Shi Tenni?  Atsumi: Shimonen may be the most cartoonish character, is not it? In the first episode I wore high school uniforms sometimes simply because I wanted to wear it (laugh), but if I can express that such things are straight-forward, even if I graduate from college It is because I thought that it was good.  Tweet share - Between the original fans, the depiction that the chest was on the frame frame of the frame became a topic.  Atsumi: If you are 4 comic magazines, the state of 1 page 8 frames will continue, which makes it absolutely monotonous. Perhaps the enthusiasm for wanting to protrude as far as possible from there came out.  Slow Start is a story that 4 people get along - Where is the sticking point on the design aspect of the character?  Tsunemi: I was thinking to know who the silhouette is alone, and I especially cared for the hairstyle. The part that connects the hair of flower name is a heart ......, but recently it seems only to Genji Pie (laugh). It is to make it so that it does not get in the way with the collective painting that made the old ribbon only one side. The twin tail was meant for hair at the beginning, but now I am drawing as if I was like a ribbon. The crown also decided from the beginning to let the ribbon stand like a tactile sense.  Tweet share It is to make it so that it does not get in the way with the collective painting that made the old ribbon only one side. The twin tail was meant for hair at the beginning, but now I am drawing as if I was like a ribbon. The crown also decided from the beginning to let the ribbon stand like a tactile sense.  Tweet share Tweet share Noriko is a character whose design has changed the most. I thought that I would like to draw a character which hair gradually grows, but if I draw it with a habit, my hair became longer and naturally I was able to get a feeling of stretching. Although it was unconscious, it was very good as a result.  Tweet share - The atmosphere in the school is also attractive as being set up for classmates as well, but where is the point in drawing the girls' high sense of air?  Atsumi: I myself are from co-school, so I think that I am surely becoming a high-school girl in imagination. I also hear that the actual girls' height is different from the imagination unexpectedly (laugh). But I try not to show such a face.  - By the way, what kind of high school days did Mr. Atsumi pass?  Atsuni: Although I wanted to return home as soon as the lesson was over, the teacher was such a person, the chime after school rang and riding a bicycle and beside me, my teacher's car Started running briskly and said, Oh, the teacher wants to go home early too (laugh). I was worried a bit whether I was OK with such an appropriate teacher ... ....  - There seems to be a part that communicates with Dr. Enoki Enoki.  Atsumi: Perhaps there are similar parts (laugh). Perhaps the real experience is being reflected before I notice it.  Tweet share - Next is the corner of the relay question, but the question from Mr. Ito (SAZA) in the last time, as a big fan of Mr. Enokon, is How does Enokonaga stay in a holiday? It is.  Atsuki: Hmm ... .... It seems to be very dull (laugh). Enoki teacher is actually going to the gym, there are many back settings that are not put out in this volume. And the bed is king size.  Tweet share - Why is that? (Lol) Atsuki: I do not understand either (laugh). Is it because I want to stretch both hands and sleep extensively? That's why I think that holidays are kicking off with a king size bed.  - Next time I will be director of Hashimoto (Hiroyuki), but please ask the question I would like to hear.  Atsuki: That's right ... ... If the director were a girl, who would you be the closest to the four? Since the director has been working on works that come up with a lot of pretty girls, I'm worried about what kind of child I can most easily emotion.  --Thank you. Comic 5 volumes were released on January 27. Thank you for your attention.  Atsuki: It is an episode when Ms. Ekiko and the crown were children. In the volume of a sports test of one volume, I painted a crush (Episode of episode 2 in TV animation) that Mr. Ekiko will help the crown solicited to the athletics department, but it is a story like that answer. Eikiko was drawing as a very solid child at the beginning of the series, but this time I could draw her weakness as well. I think that I was good that I could make a human taste Tweet share - The round of the sports test has just been broadcast, and those who knew Slow Start with animation seem to get into the work world smoothly.  Atsumi: That's right. Please enjoy the relationship between the two.  - Please give a message to the readers at the end.  Atsumi: Slow Start is a story that four girls get to know each other little by little. In the original, four of us are deeply friends, but I felt nostalgic when I saw the figure that the flower name still fumbling in animation is doing my best to become friends. Even with animation, we will trust each other as we repeat the conversation, and eventually the flower name will build on irreplaceable relationships. I am happy if you can feel the change.
